Start v1 (#1)
vtex-apps/store-video: docs/README.md

> 📢 Use this project, [contribute](https://github.com/{OrganizationName}/store-video) to it or open issues to help evolve it using [Store Discussion](https://github.com/vtex-apps/store-discussion).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
📢 Use this project, [contribute](https://github.com/vtex-apps/store-video) to it or open issues to help evolve it using [Store Discussion](https://github.com/vtex-apps/store-discussion).
```

# Video

<!-- DOCS-IGNORE:start -->
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->

[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-0-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->
<!-- DOCS-IGNORE:end -->

> The `video` is a VTEX block that allows to add videos in the store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `video` is a VTEX block that allows adding videos in a store.
```

![Media Placeholder](https://storecomponents.vtexassets.com/arquivos/ids/155640)

## Configuration

1. Add the `store-video` app to your theme's dependencies in the `manifest.json`, for example:

```diff
 "dependencies ": {

> +  "vtex.store-video": "0.x"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+  "vtex.store-video": "1.x"
```

 }
```

> 2. In any desired theme template, add the `video` block, passing the desireble and required props. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In any desired theme template, add the `video` block, passing the desirable and required props. For example:
```

```json
  "video#background": {
    "props": {
      "width": "100%",
      "height": "600px",
      "loop": false,
      "autoPlay": true,
      "muted": false,
      "src": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wygFqZXMIco",
      "blockClass": "videoEl"
    }
  }
```

### `video` props

| Prop name        | Type                 | Description                                                                                                                                                                       | Default value     |
| ---------------- | -------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------- |
| `name`           | `string`             | Video name for SEO and accessibility purposes.                                                                                                                                    | `undefined`       |

> | `description`    | `string`             | Video resume for SEO and accessibility purposes.                                                                                                                                  | `undefined`       |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `name`           | `string`             | Video name for SEO and accessibility.                                                                                                                                    | `undefined`       |
| `description`    | `string`             | Video description for SEO and accessibility.                                                                                                                                  | `undefined`       |
```

> | `src`            | `string`             | Video URL. It can be a `youtube` url, `vimeo` url or a self-hosted video url.                                                                                                     | `undefined`       |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `src`            | `string`             | Video URL. It can be a `youtube`, `vimeo`, or a self-hosted video URL.                                                                                                     | `undefined`       |
```

| `type`           | `string`             | Video type. ⚠️ This property only works if the video URL represents a HTML5 Player.                                                                                               | `undefined`       |

> | `poster`         | `string`             | Image URL to be displayed before the video playback, as a cover.                                                                                                                  | `undefined`       |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `poster`         | `string`             | Cover Image URL to be displayed before the video playback.                                                                                                                  | `undefined`       |
```

> | `controlsType`   | `string`             | The type of controls. It can be `custom-vtex`( custom controls ), `native` ( native controls ) or `none`. ⚠️ This property only works if the video URL represents a HTML5 Player. | `undefined`       |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `controlsType`   | `enum`             | The type of controls. It can be `custom-vtex`( custom controls ), `native` ( native controls ) or `none`. ⚠️ This property only works if the video URL represents a HTML5 Player. | `undefined`       |
```

> | `autoPlay`       | `boolean`            | Whether the video will start automatically after loaded(`true`) or not(`false`). Note that if the value is `true`, the muted property will need be `true` to works.               | `false`           |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `autoPlay`       | `boolean`            | Whether the video will start automatically after loaded(`true`) or not(`false`). Note that if the value is `true`, the muted property will need to be `true`.               | `false`           |
```

> | `muted`          | `boolean`            | Whether the video will start with the audio on(`false`) or not(`true`).                                                                                                           | `false`           |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `muted`          | `boolean`            | Whether the video will start with audio(`false`) or not(`true`).                                                                                                           | `false`           |
```

> | `loop`           | `boolean`            | Whether the video will run in a loop(`true`) or not(`false`).                                                                                                                     | `false`           |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `loop`           | `boolean`            | Whether the video will loop(`true`) or not(`false`).                                                                                                                     | `false`           |
```

> | `width`          | `number` or `string` | The width of the video exhibition area. It could be as %(`string`) or pexels(`number`).                                                                                           | `undefined`       |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `width`          | `number` or `string` | The width of the video exhibition area. It could be a percentage value(`string`) or a number of pixels(`number`).                                                                                           | `undefined`       |
```

> | `height`         | `number` or `string` | The height of the video exhibition area. It could be as %(`string`) or pexels(`number`).                                                                                          | `undefined`       |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `height`         | `number` or `string` | The height of the video exhibition area.It can be a percentage value(`string`) or a number of pixels(`number`).                                                                               | `undefined`       |
```

| `VolumeOffIcon`  | `string`             | Video volume off icon.                                                                                                                                                            | `icon-volume-off` |
| `VolumeOffIcon`  | `string`             | Video volume off icon.                                                                                                                                                            | `icon-volume-off` |
| `FullscreenIcon` | `string`             | Video fullscreen icon.                                                                                                                                                            | `icon-extend`     |

Use the **admin's Site Editor** to manage some props declared in the `video` block.

## Customization

In order to apply CSS customizations in this and other blocks, follow the instructions given in the recipe on [Using CSS Handles for store customization](https://vtex.io/docs/recipes/style/using-css-handles-for-store-customization).

> ⚠️ It's required that `controlsType` property has the `vtex` value in order to the following CSS Handles works: `controlsContainer`, `fullscreenButton`, `playButton`, `trackContainer`, `trackTimer`, `trackBar`, `volumeContainer`, `volumeSlider`, `volumeButton`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
⚠️ It's required that `controlsType` property has the `vtex` value in order to the following CSS Handles works: `controlsContainer`, `fullscreenButton`, `playButton`, `trackContainer`, `trackTimer`, `trackBar`, `volumeContainer`, `volumeSlider`, `volumeButton`
```
```suggestion
⚠️ It's required that `controlsType` property has the `vtex` value in order for the following CSS Handles to work: `controlsContainer`, `fullscreenButton`, `playButton`, `trackContainer`, `trackTimer`, `trackBar`, `volumeContainer`, `volumeSlider`, `volumeButton`
```

> 📢 Use this project, [contribute](https://github.com/{OrganizationName}/{AppName}) to it or open issues to help evolve it using [Store Discussion](https://github.com/vtex-apps/store-discussion).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
📢 Use this project, [contribute](https://github.com/{OrganizationName}/store-video) to it or open issues to help evolve it using [Store Discussion](https://github.com/vtex-apps/store-discussion).
```

# Video

<!-- DOCS-IGNORE:start -->
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->

> [![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-1-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-0-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
```

⚠️ It's required that `controlsType` property has the `vtex` value in order to the following CSS Handles works: `controlsContainer`, `fullscreenButton`, `playButton`, `trackContainer`, `trackTimer`, `trackBar`, `volumeContainer`, `volumeSlider`, `volumeButton`

| CSS Handles         |
| ------------------- |
| `videoContainer`    |
| `videoElement`      |
| `controlsContainer` |
| `fullscreenButton`  |
| `playButton`        |
| `trackContainer`    |
| `trackTimer`        |
| `trackBar`          |
| `volumeContainer`   |
| `volumeSlider`      |
| `volumeButton`      |

<!-- DOCS-IGNORE:start -->

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people:

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<!-- markdownlint-enable -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind are welcome!

<!-- DOCS-IGNORE:end -->

---

> Check out some documentation models that are already live:

Reviewer: This section can be deleted

- [Product Images](https://vtex.io/docs/components/all/vtex.store-components@3.125.0/product-images/)
- [Store Image](https://vtex.io/docs/components/all/vtex.store-components@3.125.0/image/)
- [Stack Layout](https://vtex.io/docs/components/all/vtex.stack-layout@0.1.0/)

> - [Flex Layout](https://vtex.io/docs/components/all/vtex.flex-layout@0.15.1/)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
